the state of the car won expect until
March and shit serge to pretend and even
so I was eager public forest
for exploring the forest with the lady
marta and her friends from nursery school
Come on let the treasure house be
very fun
the treasure
the ruca had never done a
treasure in the forest
Let's find out something special and
Can you tell the house home that even wine?
released
looks and wine are 13 animals smash
blue esp are footprints this subject
in a curb of the viaduct and this is
bear in not
I was very enthusiastic about what
could find in the forest
let's observe this year do come with my
grow in water and on earth what he thought
who had discovered the treasure
wonderful call the tadpools are
babies were in another logical eat the
So good, let's look for clues.
main look has many many brands
Settled Luis
these marks are of teeth someone knows
Which animal has the winds?
strong enough to do this
have brown hair a great cause
affected and the big teeth in front
the question is exactly what was going to the house
of the shepherd is a new cold
the beavers have to always collapse
if not the teeth will not make it grow is that
It's dog house we can face there.
inside
we do not want to bother disputed in
It is important to leave the common
we find we still have a lot to see
in the forest
the hulk tried to imagine what he would find
on here
ae
let me teach you a trick put
hold the rame makes contests ensure
an open door and necker and give value of
metal the ruca thought that tree
I was getting better at Christmas for all
times and even came with corrections
Care the pine trees have needles and back
leaves I thought little could be a
great treasure
I saw rock first is mine
there are many others in the forest today
if you continue to search you may find
an even better thing
hulk did not think it could be better
than a pine cone but was excited
exercise the next discovery by the ring
correspond to one year of the life of a
tree
Let's count the predictions it gives 34
Yes, it 's very old, I wanted to know where
I came here with the strange noise
suddenly felt only this state did not
had gone far but could not see the
others the clothes in the tank and ruca is very
easy to get into the woods made us stay
always with the group but heard a noise
Strange that he wanted to know what this was
it will knock on the door
We're going to be very affectionate and dressed.
we hear again
Vice is a woodpecker who is looking for
insects for dinner
can choose the moreschi must have
cuca careful not all vacancies are good
to eat but these memories are a good one
physicist
Hmm
She wants my house to be quiet like
a ruca statue and she leaves here
down
the hulk was annoyed because it was the
only one that had not yet found a
treasure very well in me is on time
of it plays in bars
maybe it's better to wash neighborhood chinook
k
the dog that does not stone very unique
sure and hoarse
I found the pen is a turtle.
the hulk found better treasures and all
are chosen in stone is that it was
turtles carry the
back home for the purpose of
space
the turtles are very shy
Let's put it 's time I can talk.
with me would soap opera far from
House never wanted to stay against 0 wins
but I knew she would be much happier.
in the forest and we're going to the next
luca luca where is what the basket of
Clothes are doing here. Look, Mom.
a turtle and this is the smallest toy